---
layout: post
title: "SANGAM CLUB"
date: 2014-03-19 17:40:41
---
<p>Sangam club is the youth organization established in 1997. You can find their building in sangam tole, Pokhara, Kaski. It has done social work round the city. Sangam club is one of the football club of pokhara as well. The president of the club is MANI PRASHAD GURUNG and general secretary is BIBEK GURUNG. Sangam club has done various things for the development of the football in Pokhara. It has conducted it’s own football academy. After a hard sucess in the local land(POKHARA). Now, Sangam club is the only club that is selected to represent Pokhara in the national A division football league in Nepal. PUSPA K.C. is the head coach of the club, who helped to get promoted from 'B' division to National 'A' division league.</p>
<p>Sangam Club has organized the football tournament atleast once a year. From the inspiration of previous two edition of CUP it has reached to third edition in which 46 teams were featured. The third edition of Sangam Cup is lifted by the hosted club. Sangam 'B' is the junior club of sangam. They had done hard work and lifted the cup by defeating many senior teams.Sangam club 'B' team defeated LG Association 2-1 in highly contested match to lift third title. The club want to develop football from every point so, the club has decided to organize the league competition. This league last for six month.</p> 
<p>Sangam Club has done various social work round the city. Sangam club donates Rs 32,555 to the mahayagya of Bhadrakali temple. Sangam club has also kept the volunteers for the mahayagya program.Sangam Club is fully supported by the seniors from U.K and HONGKONG. They had fully supported the club from economic point as well as from idea point of view. They are also the sucess factor of the club.</p>
<p>Due to hard work and great fan support Sangam FC Pokhara became the Red Bull A Division Regional Champion. They received Rs. 4 lakh as well as a promote in 'A' Division Club.This is the great thing for all pokhrelis. Sangam club became runner up in the hemja cup-2069 and received Rs 33,333 . This shows that Sangam Club is the club that donot hesitate to take part in any competition. They don't care about how much the prize is!</p>


